How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Fill in your answer here
    It is easy to see the mistake when the change is clearly presented.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Fill in your answer here
    You will be able to build on your mistakes without fear of starting from scratch.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Fill in your answer here
    Pros: you have more control and can commit as frequenlty as you want.
    Cons: you may forget to commit and make to many changes.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Fill in your answer here
    I dont know. Well now i have an idea. When working on a project, like building a website, you may have multiple files that depend on each other to work. So if you make a change in one file and commit there is no information highlighting additional relavent changes to dependent files. If you commit the files as a group you will be aware that the combined changes are relavant to the progress of the project.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here
    
    Use these commands to see changes over long periods of time.
    Note you find commit_IDs with the command git log.
    Note you use the git diff command to see changes made from PREVIOUS COMMITS.
    Note git diff previous commit_ID target commit_ID

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Fill in your answer here
    You can always start again from a version where your code was working.
    Also git log makes it easy to keep track of your project at different stages.
    If one stage is broken. You can always troublshoot the bug using previous commits.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here
    Working on a project?

    
