#Lesson 2 Reflections.

What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When a repository is intialized it opens the directory up to git
for file tracking. When you commit the repository you may be able
choose to commit all the files or select individuals to omit?

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the
repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area offers a snapshot of the working directory, showing both
untracked files and files to be commited. This will be useful to break up
commits into 'logical change' steps. So if you complete changes to a single
file but continue working on another you can add the completed file to the
staging area.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logica
change?

Using the commands: git diff, git diff --staging, and git diff commit1
commit2 allows you to see the changes made to the staging area and working
directory. Mindful use of these commands enables the user to make one
logical change per commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

The branch command allows you to create alternate paths for your work. This may be helpful when collaberating on a large project with multiple users.
Changes can be made taking the project in one direction but holding the
core work true.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

They are diagrams. That is exactly their purpose. You can see each individual
branch as it is created. Allowing you to trace back to relevant parent commits.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the
diagram the way we do?

The result of merging commits is the ablity to access and make changes to an
individual branch from the master branch. A branch that once seperated from the 
master is now part of the same branch while keeping individual relevant commits.
The diagram is helpful when attempting to visualize commits relevant to both
branches.






